vweb: add docs for [vweb_global] and shared attributes. (#18098)
vlang/v: vlib/vweb/README.md

If you don't use the default number of workers (`nr_workers`) you have to change 
it to the same number in `vweb.run_at` as in `vweb.database_pool`

### Extending the App struct with `[vweb_global]`

> You can extend the `App` struct however you like, but there are some things you
> have to keep in mind. Under the hood at each request a new instance of `App` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change your `App` struct however you like, but there are some things you
have to keep in mind. Under the hood at each request a new instance of `App` is
```

We saw in the previous section that we can persist data across multiple requests, 
but what if we want to be able to mutate the data? Since vweb works with threads, 
we have to use `shared` fields.

Let's see how we can add a visitor counter to our `App`.

**Example:**
```v
module main

import vweb

struct Counter {
pub mut:
	count int
}

struct App {
	vweb.Context
mut:
	counter shared Counter // shared fields can only be structs, arrays or maps.
}

fn main() {
	// initialize the shared object
	shared counter := Counter{
		count: 0
	}

	vweb.run(&App{
		counter: counter
	}, 8080)
}

fn (mut app App) index() vweb.Result {
	mut count := 0
	// lock the counter so we can modify it
	lock app.counter {
		app.counter.count += 1
		count = app.counter.count
	}
	return app.text('Total visitors: ${count}')
}
```

#### Drawback of Shared Objects
The drawback of using shared objects is that it affects performance. In the previous example
`App.counter` needs to be locked each time the page is loaded if there are simultaneous
requests the next requests will have to wait for the lock to be released.
In the context of the previous example, it would be better to make a call to a database 

> to update and get the visitor count.

Reviewer: That is misleading - the overhead of calling to an even an embedded DB like sqlite, is much greater than a lock.

Author: Is the sentence below it ok to be kept in? "It is best practice to limit the use of shared objects as much as possible."

Reviewer: Yes, dealing with shared state is pain in general, even with the enforced checking that V does.
